Follow up to improve gdrive and move auth before service accounts (#3495)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote.md

> Please keep this in mind when sharing them, or you may
> [exceed the limits](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v2/handle-errors?hl=ro#resolve_a_403_error_usage_limit_exceeded).

## Authorization

> There are two ways to give DVC access to a GDrive directory or a disk. The one
> descibed in this section gives DVC a way to access GDrive on behalf of a user
> account. It's the simplest way to use, and it's fine to use to run DVC locally.
> If some automation is needed (e.g. CI/CD) we recommend to
> [use a service account](#using-service-accounts) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<admon type="info">

This covers simple authentication, which gives DVC access to GDrive
on behalf of a user account. This is ideal to use to run DVC locally, for example.
If some automation is needed (e.g. CI/CD) we recommend
[using a service account](#using-service-accounts) instead.

</admon>
```

> 

Author: One extra paragraph above

`gdrive_user_credentials_file` value (if provided) is ignored.

> Please note our [Privacy Policy (Google APIs)](/doc/user-guide/privacy).

> ## Using service accounts

Author: This section is unchanged and only moved to the bottom

Reviewer: Not exactly unchanged: It's missing the `GDRIVE_CREDENTIALS_DATA` paragraph, but that's already in **Authentication** which is now before this section. Is this the intention? (To have it only above)

Reviewer 2: Right, especially with the new paragraph about specifying that the "Authorization" section is about user accounts, it seems unclear to me that `GDRIVE_CREDENTIALS_DATA` can also be used for service accounts.

Author: > Not exactly unchanged:

good catch, that's a bug, I'll fix it. It's not intentional at all.
